* Design of MFD pages is a bit unfortunate. Refactor with inheritance instead of ugly switch/case constructs.
* Refactor various interfaces to be consistent. ATM there is a index-driven, class-based and struct-based approach.
* Think about making sub-objects sub-vessels
* Make coordinate system more generic. I.e. use INI structure to define hangar positions.
* Create grouping system to group elements into named sections. This can act as containers for interfacing (return e.g. group "Hangars") and for
  beacon routes (no more misuse of Routes for runways). Possible architecture:
  Class GroupElement, containing only field "Type". Everything derives from GroupElement.
  Class Group, itself a GroupElement can hold one or more elements and associates it with a name.
* Launch Facility wizard:
					1. Access to launch prepare site - MFD shows wait-screen, if launch prepare site is occupied.
					   Occupied: LF keeps flag, set on launch wizard start from other MFD wizard, reset on occupying vessel proceeding to launch.
					   After wait-screen, door is automatically opening, if not already open. Show opening screen
					   If door is open and not occupied, show "Clear to enter" screen. From now on, site is occupied again.
					   "Clear to enter" screen offers "Abort" button. If clicked and no vessel in door/hangar area, close door again and clear
					   occupied flag. Show abort screen, that is a dead end until "Back" is clicked.
					2. With rising edge of vessel vincinity, switch to passenger transfer screen. If there is no waiting launch candidate,
					   the entrance door is automatically closed. If there is no launch in process, automatically open exit door.
					   This also automatically links the vessel to the passenger terminal in launch facility, if possible. In addition, a
					   roster-screen is shown with filter set to only the passenger terminal. This roster-screen lacks the "Add new
					   person..." entry and replaces the Previous button with a proceed button. Whenever a person is selected, it will be
					   transfered/EVA'd. Clicking the proceed button will switch to get-ready-screen.
					3. Get-ready-screen shows launching procedure steps (Exhaust shield, Exhaust door, clearance). As soon as exit door is open,
					   proceed-to-launch-screen is shown and launch in progress flag is set. As soon as vessel is in position, exit door is
					   closed again. After exit door is closed, exhaust shield and exhaust door are closed/opened simultaneously. After this,
					   "Contact ATC for clearance" is shown. Get-ready/Proceed-to-launch screen offers "Abort" button. If clicked, all doors
					   are opened. If no vessel is in door/hangar/launch area anymore, close all doors again and clear all flags.
					4. In ATC menu, launch menu for LF gives "Ready to launch" screen with automatical activation of beacons, if vessel is in
					   launch position. If not, "Proceed to launch" is displayed. On engine activity, the exhaust tunnel simulates exhaust
					   deflection, based on actual vessel exhaust size. vessel exhaust is reduced to minimize visual disturbances. After
					   vessel cleared exhaust size area, actual vessel exhaust is restored and deflection simulation is switched off. After
					   this and vessel take-off, exhaust shield and exhaust door is retracted again, showing "Clear launch area" and a
					   "Cleared" button. Pressing the "cleared" button clears the launch in progress flag and returns to menu.
* Vertical launch facility wizard:
					1. Show wait-screen, if MLP is occupied already. If MLP is back in place, show list of vessels + "Load script..." entry.
					   If user selects vessel, or loaded script vessels, put it into place and attach it in default/script place.
					2. The detail screen offers position adjustment buttons to place the vessel on MLP and do roll-out. If rolled-out, the fuel
					   screen appears.
					3. The fuel-screen offers fuelling of each propellant tank and roll-in. If rolled-in again, position adjustment is shown again.
					   The countdown button here will ask for additional countdown value in seconds, showing "On hold for final count-down".
					   Including up to here, every screen offers "Abort", that will roll-in the MLP and delete the vessel again.
					4. In ATC menu, launch menu for VLF immediately retracts the gangways and rolls the MLP cover back in, giving "Final count-down"
					   screen with "T-<value+time for retract>", counting down. If vessel is not in launch position, show "Prepare stack".
					   If the countdown reaches zero, clock runs away with "T+" and starts
					   previously selected main engine (in details dialog). The exhaust deflection simulation kicks in. As soon as the vessel left
					   exhaust size area, exhaust simulation is disabled and screen shows "Clear launch area", showing "cleared" button. Pressing
					   the button returns the MLP animation (rolling cover out, rolling all in, deploy gangways again). After MLP is in place again,
					   launch in progress is cleared.